what's up guys it's tko sam coming to  you live a lot of people can say  you're fat the only reason you're  getting laid in japan is because you  couldn't get laid in other countries you  know what that's 100 true  [Music]  i um  oh my dick oh my dick in my ass  but also my dick  uh don't worry for all of you guys who  are like why aren't you  streaming on twitch i'll probably be  streaming on twitch later  uh when i get back to uh nakano i'm  gonna get back to  tokyo but i'll be doing gaming  what you find  upsetting  politically  ethically  emotionally  very often has to do with the gap  between what you want to believe  what you have to believe  i was talking to my friend once it's a  friend from many years ago and we  haven't spoken now for many many years  just talking to a friend of mine  about a documentary i'd seen about the  holocaust  and it quoted a man when they were  discussing the transitional phase before  the outright gas chambers had been  constructed the transitional phase when  executions were just being carried out  with  rifles knives guns  there's this guy who was a witness to  the events  and he was recounting how disturbing it  was  to see  a man jeering and smiling  staring over the fence  as jews one by one  walked their final mile  toward the execution someone who was  there as a spectator to enjoy  watching these people getting killed  and there was an older accomplished  jewish man seemingly relatively wealthy  who stopped as he was making this somber  procession towards his own death  took off his fur coat  and handed it  across the fence to the spectator  and said simply here  i won't need this anymore  the spectator  laughed  and smiled  and even danced a little jig  saying to the people around him  hey look  i got a free coat and  the conclusion from the man telling this  anecdote who was witness to all parties  was simply  some people  are like that  when i told this story um to this friend  of mine  what was so upsetting to me  was his response  because he insisted  everyone is like that  and he went so far as to argue that the  victim in this scenario the man walking  his final mile to his execution with  some sense of gravity and dignity the  man who went shivering to his death  handing off his coat for someone else to  enjoy because there was no more  enjoyment to be left for him in this  life  that he too was just as bad because he'd  never shown any concern  about the animals that were tortured to  death and killed  to produce the fur  coat  as i say this conversation was  upsetting to me  why  i don't want to believe  that everyone  is like that you know what the truth is  i don't even want to believe that some  people are like that i don't even want  to believe that 10  of people  are like that  but i know  on some level i'm forced to reckon with  the extent to which the vast majority  of my fellow human beings are indeed  precisely this crass  this cruel  this uncaring that these attitudes  that seem self-evidently revolting to me  right  those are the attitudes of the great  majority who surround us  when i look at tko sam  when i look at oriental pearl  in that meat  market smiling  and laughing  as turtles  are tortured to death  when i see  their happiness  and their glee  when discussing  these turtles that are still alive  in plastic bags  laughing  about how if you open up the plastic bag  just a little bit they'll struggle  viciously to survive they'll even try to  bite your  finger off  for their chance  to be free  when i see how  happy  and unconcerned they are  that these animals are terrified and  struggling and suffering right here and  right now in front of their eyes and  that it is only a matter of time  before one customer or another steps up  to that counter  and asks for the turtles  to be killed  for their delectation  i'm upset  because there's a gap between  what i know to be true  and what i want to be true  i don't want to think  that everybody is like that  i don't want to think that the great  majority of humanity is like that i  don't want to think that 10 of people  are like that i don't really want to  believe  that anyone  is like that  just a few days ago  tko sam  deleted  a huge number of videos  from his youtube channel  it is  obvious  that he is attempting  to cleanse  his public image that he is removing  videos that now could cause  embarrassment  that now could discredit him that could  now  negatively impact his career if you  don't believe me  you may notice today there is a video  called how to get laid in japan part one  there's another video called how to get  laid in japan  part four  part two and part three are now absent  you may have heard him  even in recent live streams  referring back to a video in which in  the past  he  self-pityingly described  his struggle  to get laid via dating apps apps like  tinder  how badly he felt about himself compared  to his handsome friends his thin friends  whom he was jealous of and how once just  to make himself feel better he stole the  photographs  of a handsome friend of his and he set  up a fake account  it was his account  but using photographs of a thin handsome  white man  using photographs of someone he was not  just so he could see what hypocrites  these women were  he pours out all this scorn he has  for the shallowness  of women  who would choose a partner  such a petty basis to their physical  appearance unlike unlike tko sam himself  right  tikyo sam  took the time  in this way  to scroll through  and click through  every video he'd ever made  and to delete the ones  that now  he thinks  reflect on him  badly but this video  this video of him and oriental pearl  together  smiling and laughing  as these animals are tortured to death  in front of their eyes it didn't cross  his mind  to delete  that one  if you were the man standing at that  fence  watching people  being executed  by the nazi regime during the third rank  what would you do  oh you might have a fantasy that you'd  be a hero you might have a fantasy that  you'd set them all free that should save  lives that you would  instantly dramatically heroically change  the whole course of the history of world  war ii yeah well  i don't think you would  i don't think you'd even have that  choice  or that option i think in that moment  whatever you might have accomplished  over say a five-year period  during the war you might have joined the  resistance you might have done your  share of heroic things but in that  moment standing at that fence  the only choice you've got  is about whether you're going to in a  sense conserve  your own dignity and try to extend  dignity of some kind to others  to those  victims if you were in that meat market  in japan  what would you do  oh oh  do you imagine you'd set all the turtles  free  do you imagine you'd kick over the table  or something or cause a scene or get  yourself  put in jail  to liberate  a few dozen  turtles  i don't think you would  i think  the choice you have to make  it's much more subtle  it's much more humble  and humiliating  but you could at least conduct yourself  in such a way  that you acknowledge  that what you're witnessing  is an aspect  of a world  gone terribly  terribly wrong  what's up guys it's tko sam coming to  you live a lot of people can say  you're fat the only reason you're  getting laid in japan is because you  couldn't get laid in other countries you  know what that's 100 true  [Music]  i um oh my dick  oh my [ __ ] dick in my ass uh but also  my dick  don't worry for all of you guys who are  like why aren't you  streaming on twitch i'll probably be  streaming on twitch later uh when i get  back to uh nakano i'm gonna get back to  [ __ ] tokyo but i'll be doing gaming  yeah look at these games i want to get  all these look pilot wings  diddy kong racing  kirby  mario kart  bomberman  f-zero  mario tennis puyo puyo  donkey kong  star fox  but that's like it's like 50 bucks  things just weren't going very well last  year with my dating life i couldn't find  a girlfriend and i was just wondering  why don't women like me is there  something wrong with me and i thought to  myself well people keep making fun of me  calling me a loser for not living by  myself or not having my own place and i  thought to myself why don't i try moving  out and having my own place to see if it  makes any difference it made no  difference i wrote on all of my dating  app profiles that i'm financially  independent i've got my own place i live  by myself and i live on the 29th floor  in the biggest skyscraper building in  all of manchester and no one cared i  took pictures of myself in the place i  took pictures of the view so i could  brag about it and put it on my profile  but after six months of going on dates i  couldn't even get one girlfriend so i  came to the conclusion that in general  women don't really care if i have my own  place or if i don't so i've never done  anything like this before but i think  it's gonna be a lot of fun i'm going to  respond to viewer comments specifically  the ones posted to my video entitled  2018 game room tour  [Music]  [Music]  [Music]  if people still think that gamers have  trouble being in relationships they are  behind on the times the vast majority of  gamers on youtube collectors or not are  in relationships it's hard to find  anyone who is single at all there's no  point moving out and getting her own  place i just didn't have women lining up  to check out my bachelor pad didn't have  women ask me back for second dates  there's obviously something very wrong  with my dating strategy but i just don't  think that my lack of having my own  property my own house or place to live  in i really feel like that's part of the  problem a large portion of the  population still views gaming as a  childish behavior that is intellectually  vapid and lazy i would think that  actively playing a game is more  beneficial to one's brain than passively  watching tv a lot of scientific  literature supports this notion but  these studies don't get a lot of  coverage in the media it's hard to break  a stereotype i've spent the majority of  my life at home with my parents and for  a lot of people they think that's sad  and pathetic the only time i've  attempted to leave my home is whenever i  went to japan but i would only stay  there for a few months before coming  back home the longest i ever stayed away  from home was when i got married in  japan and that was for about a year and  a half i think i went on about seven  dates so on average i got one date a  month so having my own place and showing  off my place in the pictures really  didn't help my situation by much out of  all of the dates i went on only one  wanted to see me again but i didn't  really like her so i said no thanks but  all of the other dates some of them i  did kind of like they either unmatched  me they ghosted me or they just told me  up front sorry i'm not really interested  in you so i came to the conclusion that  in general women don't really care if i  have my own place or if i don't it was a  very expensive and long experiment but  basically i proved that there's no point  moving out and getting your own place a  lot of people can say  you're fat you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] like  the only reason you're getting laid in  japan is because you couldn't get laid  in other countries you know what that's  100 true i came over here when i was 18  i was fat big virgin  total geek you should have seen my dress  code it was horrible it's like white  pants and hawaiian shirts it was oh  something on my hemi fights  long black hair it was horrible  and you know like i kept that throughout  school and stuff until i came to japan  and just um  yeah like i i think if i went home i  could get laid now but just like back  then it's like  wow um  i've said on this channel many times  don't get jealous  i don't experience jealousy  and maybe that's just because  i think about these things  in an adult way  rather than a childish way  there was a time when i was a scholar of  buddhism  there was a time  when i was specifically researching  the overlap between buddhism and the  political history of laos political  history of cambodia  do you think i would have been  jealous  of someone else coming into that field  and doing it better than me really  showing me how it's done really  outclassing me really blowing me away  with their research no  i would have been so happy  i would have been so happy to have a  colleague  even if that colleague were my  competitor whom i could admire  whom i could look up to i did not get  involved with buddhist scholarship i did  not get involved with put his studies in  order to be the greatest scholar of  buddhism i didn't get involved with that  field in order to be  alone no i could list off a whole bunch  of different fields i could listen i  have a whole bunch of different areas of  ambition and aspiration i've had in my  life and i could say the exact same  thing and still to this day i'd say to  anyone look man  if you've got more talent more  self-discipline more brilliant  go ahead  show me how it's done  and  i think this is fundamentally  the adult  perspective  on these issues  and the problem i see with tko sam  with a whole generation of young men  who've grown up like him  is that they cultivate  and hold on to  fundamentally  childish  and childlike  attitudes habits and behaviors  they don't  grow up  not merely because childish things bring  them joy  but because they wrap themselves  in a kind of  blanket  they quite literally never put down the  video game controller they never put  away  the toys  the cartoons  the comic books  that made them happy  as a child  and they put all of their energy and  effort  into trying to make themselves happy  as an adult  by those same things in those same ways  now  sam  you might not have thought of it this  way  but what if  the comic books you read as a teenager  were actually intended  to prepare you  to read something  more sophisticated  as an adult  what if they were supposed to be a  stepping stone  whether you think of that as a stepping  stone to adult literature  adult history  adult politics adult science  what if  the movies cartoons  comic books and even video games of your  childhood  what if those were meant to be  stepping stones  on your path of intellectual development  your path  of emotional development and your path  of ethical development  instead of  you coming to that first stone  stepping on it  sitting down  and then remaining there  childlike  and childish  waiting  to die